.TH DSMARC "1" "2015-12-07" "TSM archive API / iRODS interface" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
dsmarc \- Universal MSS iRODS interface access for TSM archives

.SH SYNOPSYS
.B dsmarc
.B [ \-h ]
.B [ \-d \fIn\fR \]
.B [ \-f ]
.B [ \-n\ \fIn\fR \]
.B [ \-b\ \fIblocksize\fR \]
.B \fIfunction\fR \fIargument\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
This program is for the iRODS Universal MSS interface.
It also can be used to access an archive using the TSM API.

.TP
.B \-h\fR
to print this help.

.TP
.B \-d \fIn\fR
run with debug level n n enabled, larger number means more
details.

.TP
.B \-f\fR
Force actions when there is an error.

.TP
.B \-n \fIn\fR
Limit on the number of query records returned.

.TP
.B \-o\fR
Order multiple files by TSM restore order.

.TP
.B \fIfunction\fR
is the operation to do, one of the followings:

.RS

.PP
.B syncToArch f\fR
to copy from cache to MSS.

.PP
.B stageToCache f \fR
to stage from MSS to cache.

.PP
.B mkdir dir \fR
to create a directory in the MSS.

.PP
.B chmod f mode \fR
to modify ACLs in the MSS for a given directory.
There is no functionality for this in TSM. It is ignored.

.PP
.B rm file \fR
to remove a file from the MSS.

.PP
.B mv f1 f2 \fR
to rename a file in the MSS. It is not possible to rename an archive
object in TSM. The file will be copied and then the old one will
be removed.

.PP
.B stat file \fR
to do a stat on a file. Return result in iRODS format.

.PP
.B sync \fR
synonym of syncToArch.

.PP
.B stage \fR
synonym of stageToCache.

.PP
.B retr \fR
retrieve multiple files. In this case the first argument is a selector
and the second is a prefix to use for the local filenames.

.PP
.B stream f \fR
.B upstream f \fR
Stream from standard input and store as file F in the archive.

.PP
.B downstream f \fR
Retrieve F from the archive and stream it on stdout.

.RE

